hi fancy friends it's Julie and today
I'm going to be talking about Celtic
complexion which is a huge skincare line
it's an artisan skincare line in the US
and um I was the reason that I even know
about this or anything is i was just i
received a Google Alert the other day
because rosacea is one of my alerts and
in the news there was I think the
publication was called tree hugger but
if it's not I can't remember but i will
put a link to the article I originally
saw in the description below but it was
talking about this fantastic skincare
line meant for people with sensitive or
reactive skin such as people with
rosacea and or people who just really
want high-quality skin care products
that don't have a lot of weird scary
junk ingredients and things that is
there actually all-natural not just all
natural and that have that contained
good quality ingredients in pure forms
and they're not just listed in there in
microscopic amounts just so that they
can be in the ingredients list because
they sound good um this sounds like a
sales pitch this is absolutely not a
sponsored video but I did I saw that and
I was really impressed so I went to the
I looked up the actual Celtic complexion
website from there and I found it and
read up on the ingredients and read up
on the awards that have been won and
read other articles that have been
written about this and emailed the owner
who is Jennifer Devlin waller and that's
her right there a and um she's extremely
extremely nice and I asked a bunch of
questions about the products but she was
very very happy to answer and um I asked
if I could sample some of the products
and try them out in exchange for an
honest review and she agreed and said
she offered
few more which was fantastic because
there were a few that I was very
interested and I hadn't even spotted
some of the other ones and they look
amazing and so she sent me um including
a vet the sheet that I just showed you
with a picture on it I'm only she's
actually got a channel so I will link to
that it'll appear here on the screen and
um yeah so she sent me her a book about
her perspective on treating rosacea
which he has as well as a lot of
information about the products I'm
actually dropping some I started reading
some of it including the e-book which is
very good and very useful and I started
reading some of these other materials
such as acne acne about the acne and
rosacea kit and others these are all
about the different products so there is
information about each and every one of
the ones that I'm going to try I have
not I mean this is a lot so I haven't
read all of it yet but I am getting into
it this is my my evening reading before
bed because this is the kind of thing
that I do for fun but um yeah I couldn't
be more impressed I'm extremely excited
um I'm even excited about some of the
products I hadn't even originally
spotted but they look so good and so
promising and so here all the it looks
looks small but there are a ton of
products in here but here they all are
and all the ones I'm going to be trying
and I will be making videos reviewing
each one I'm going to do it slowly so
that I can tell which ones are working
is maybe which ones aren't I'm hoping
they will all work but it will help me
to know the effects of each individual
one instead of just like throwing
everything on my face and then going ok
I don't know what causing what but um
yeah so here they all are I will take
them out I haven't take them out before
this is an actual true unboxing and
again there's a little bit more material
in here just describing what exactly
this is and
i will show you each individual product
that we will be testing over time I
think I'll start with the one that
actually stood out to me the most this
was this was the one that actually like
got me interested in the first place
aside from the very good ingredients but
Celtic complexion organic sunscreen SPF
30 to chemical free was twenty-five
percent zinc oxide and the full
ingredients are in all of these
materials I will put them in the
upcoming videos but I've never tried an
organic sunscreen before and I want to
I'm excited about it I want a natural
sunscreen I don't want to use the
chemical ones that I have only had
problems with over time super duper
excited about this can't wait to give
this one a try next we have the gentle
cream exfoliant now I haven't used an
exfoliant since that homemade one that I
made that time that i did a video or it
was a giant fail it had olive oil and
sugar and potentially another ingredient
in it I'll put i'll put a link here so
if you can find that mistake video but
um so i haven't used an exfoliant sense
then I i've heard mixed opinions of
whether or not people with rosacea
should exfoliate but because this seems
like a great product that seems like a
great line the owner has rosacea knows
what she's talking about and I'm willing
to test this for you my Rosie friends
I'm going to give this a whirl so this
would be the gentle exfoliant from
Celtic complexion and next there is the
coconut cream cleanser
which absolutely looks beautiful I can't
wait to give it a try a tinted
moisturizer that has SPF 22 in it also
very excited about this you know how I
love SPF for my face and I've had a hard
time with it that was how this whole
channel got started but here's that
product I hope my camera is actually
zooming in I had some problems with it
over the last file but replacing this
camera is not yet within my budget then
we have the Celtic complexion cream so
this is a moisturizing product hopefully
you can
and as well as these little wild there's
the I elixir so teensy tiny this is
really cute I can't believe how cute
this is I didn't even spot this when I
was initially showing you what was in
this bag I didn't even know this was in
here it is so tiny that's adorable and I
haven't tried an eye product since I
really went hardcore trying to treat my
rosacea so that should be very fun I'm
very excited about that next we have the
calming serum which is another one of
the ones that actually drew me to this
line in the first place and this is in a
little dropper bottles it's a little
squishy on the top you can see that
little squishy thing on the top excited
to try that these types of products
really always seem small but the little
teeny bit goes a long way with these
types of products especially considering
how very concentrated these specific
ones are the Celtic complexion youth
infusion high potent potency serum gain
another one in the little dropper bottle
I have no idea of my cameras picking
this up I hope it is if it's not for the
next videos when I actually review each
of these individually it'll make sure to
take a picture of the bottle so that I
can put it on the screen and you can
actually see it more clearly I'm trying
my best and finally there is the B data
flow liquid moisturizer oh that sounds
very interesting i haven't read up on
this one yet so i'm actually very very
very interested to see what that one's
going to be like and again it's in one
of these little dropper bottles with the
squishy on the top and finally that came
with a little spatula which will help
too
keep things clean and which I'm assuming
we'll have instructions for which ones
of these this will apply you and I'm
really excited to get going with these
so um the reviews won't start they won't
be in the next video because i always
give these types of products time to
actually work because my first the first
reaction that my skin normally has to
anything at all even the best products
is normally to flare up and then it's
got to calm down and that's when i can
actually give it a chance and see if it
works or not so i am going to try all of
these i'm going to try them in good time
and i'm going to give them a chance to
work i will tell you whether or not they
cause an initial flare up it doesn't
mean that any of this will work in the
same way for you but at least you can
see whether or not it's working for me
and yeah so I'm really excited about
this because these look very very very
promising I always love finding new
things especially high quality ones that
I feel that I can trust because then at
least I don't feel like I'm doing harm
to my face I'm helping it healing it
over time and complementing all the
other dietary efforts and light therapy
and other things that I'm doing to try
and keep my complexion under control but
um well I hope you liked this video
though if you did please give it a
thumbs up and if you want to see more
videos like this how it turns out with
these products other product reviews and
things like that I hope you'll subscribe
to my channel because I make new videos
every Sunday and Thursday and up is
Annette I will see you next time
you